Added a line about refreshing credentials. (#172)
precisiontox/ptox-metadata-manager: README.md

```
This will open a Google page in your browser requesting permissions for the application to access your Google Drive and
Google Mail. It will download the Google API credentials file and generate the database once you are done.

> If the credentials need to be refreshed by force then removing ptmd.db (** IMPORTANT: back can it up first to enable restore afterwards**) and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the credentials need to be refreshed by force then removing ptmd.db (** IMPORTANT: back it up first to enable restore afterwards**) and 

```

```
This will open a Google page in your browser requesting permissions for the application to access your Google Drive and
Google Mail. It will download the Google API credentials file and generate the database once you are done.

> If the credentials need to be refreshed by force then removing ptmd.db (it can be backed up first and restored afterwards) and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the credentials need to be refreshed by force then removing ptmd.db (** IMPORTANT: back can it up first to enable restore afterwards**) and 

```
